MetaMask Mobile Compatibility Checklist (#136)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/site-compatibility-checklist.md

# Site Compatibility Checklist

> ## Ethereum Provider
> 

Reviewer: I ended up getting rid of most of the subsections.
```suggestion
```

Make sure your site is following and using the most recent API methods of the [Ethereum Provider](/guide/ethereum-provider.md)

> Include MetaMask mobile as a listed wallet in your application, and link to open MetaMask app (if installed) or to go to play/app store (if not yet installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include MetaMask mobile as a listed wallet in your application, and link to open the MetaMask mobile app (if installed) or to go to the app store (if not yet installed)
  - We recommend adding a `Connect With MetaMask` button and using [deeplinks]((https://metamask.github.io/metamask-deeplinks/))
  - For more information about deeplinks, please see the [deeplinking documentation](./mobile-best-practices.html#deeplinking)
```

> Please direct your users to either the listing on their preferred app store, or to [our homepage](https://metamask.io/download.html) to download MetaMask mobile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please direct your users to either the relevant app store listing or to [the MetaMask homepage](https://metamask.io/download.html) to download MetaMask mobile
```

> Support the MetaMask inpage provider and test that your integration works well.
> 

Reviewer: Redundant with the first bullet in this section.
```suggestion
```

> ## Dapp Compatibility
> 
> To ensure proper compatiblilty with MetaMask Mobile, your Dapp should:
> 
> - Support _asynchronously injected_ Ethereum providers. (as explained [here](./mobile-best-practices.html#provider-availability))
> 
> - Have an option to use MetaMask Mobile as a Wallet.
>   - Create a `Connect with MetaMask` Button.
>   - Create a [Deeplink](https://metamask.github.io/metamask-deeplinks/#) to open the Dapp in the MetaMask App.
> 
> ### User Doesn't have MetaMask?
> 
> - Redirect the user to the App store to download the app
> 
> ## Transaction Calls
> 
> - For further information on calling transactions please visit our [Mobile Best Practices](/guide/mobile-best-practices) page.

Reviewer: This is redundant.
```suggestion
```

> ### Other Dapp UI Library Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Web3 Site UI Libraries
```
